[Keyboard]Add m3 keyboard. (#20542)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/monsgeek/m3/readme.md

# m3

A customizable 80% keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [jonylee@hfd](https://github.com/jonylee1986)
* Hardware Supported: m3
* Hardware Availability: [monsgeek](https://www.monsgeek.com/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make monsgeek/m3:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make monsgeek/m3:default:flash
    

> **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K000*, which programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 2 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```

> # m3
> 
> A customizable 80% keyboard.
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [jonylee@hfd](https://github.com/jonylee1986)
> * Hardware Supported: m3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MonsGeek M3

A customizable 80% keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [jonylee@hfd](https://github.com/jonylee1986)
* Hardware Supported: MonsGeek M3 PCB
```
